# DashboardModel

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**annotations** | [**DashboardAnnotationsModel**](DashboardAnnotationsModel.md) |  | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Description of dashboard. | [optional] 
**editable** | **bool** | Whether a dashboard is editable or not. | [default to True]
**fiscal_year_start_month** | **int** | TODO docs | [optional] 
**gnet_id** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**graph_tooltip** | **int** |  | 
**id** | **int** | Unique numeric identifier for the dashboard. TODO must isolate or remove identifiers local to a Grafana instance...? | [optional] 
**links** | [**list[DashboardDashboardLinkModel]**](DashboardDashboardLinkModel.md) | TODO docs | [optional] 
**live_now** | **bool** | TODO docs | [optional] 
**panels** | **list[object]** |  | [optional] 
**refresh** | **object** | TODO docs | [optional] 
**schema_version** | **int** | Version of the JSON schema, incremented each time a Grafana update brings changes to said schema. TODO this is the existing schema numbering system. It will be replaced by Thema&#39;s themaVersion | 
**style** | **str** | Theme of dashboard. | [default to 'dark']
**tags** | **list[str]** | Tags associated with dashboard. | [optional] 
**templating** | [**DashboardTemplatingModel**](DashboardTemplatingModel.md) |  | [optional] 
**time** | [**DashboardTimeModel**](DashboardTimeModel.md) |  | [optional] 
**timepicker** | [**DashboardTimepickerModel**](DashboardTimepickerModel.md) |  | [optional] 
**timezone** | **str** | Timezone of dashboard, | [optional] [default to 'browser']
**title** | **str** | Title of dashboard. | [optional] 
**uid** | **str** | Unique dashboard identifier that can be generated by anyone. string (8-40) | [optional] 
**version** | **int** | Version of the dashboard, incremented each time the dashboard is updated. | [optional] 
**week_start** | **str** | TODO docs | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


